net: lib: nrf_cloud: Autogenerate unprovided JWTs (#6886)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Libraries
=========

> Libraries for networking

Author: Weird, I distinctly remember doing this. I must have missed it with the commit? Good catch, thank you

This section provides detailed lists of changes by :ref:`library <libraries>`.

Libraries for networking
------------------------

* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_rest` library:

>    * Added JSON Web Token autogeneration feature.
>      If enabled, the nRF Cloud REST library will automatically generate a JWT if none is provided by the user when making REST requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Added JSON Web Token (JWT) autogeneration feature.
   
     If enabled, the nRF Cloud REST library automatically generates a JWT if none is provided by the user when making REST requests.
```

This section provides detailed lists of changes by :ref:`library <libraries>`.

Libraries for networking
------------------------

* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_rest` library:

>    * Added JSON Web Token autogeneration feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Added JSON Web Token (JWT) autogeneration feature.
```

>      If enabled, the nRF Cloud REST library will automatically generate a JWT if none is provided by the user when making REST requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     If enabled, the nRF Cloud REST library automatically generates a JWT if none is provided by the user when making REST requests.
```
